Update suppression guidance on ASP0014 (#28438)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/diagnostics/asp0014.md

## When to suppress warnings

> Warnings from this rule can be supressed if the target `UseEndpoints` invocation is invoked without any mappings as a strategy to organize middleware ordering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warnings from this rule can be suppressed if the target `UseEndpoints` doesn't impact middleware ordering, as shown in the following code:
```

Reviewer 2: but `.UseEndpoints(_ => {})` is used to impact middleware ordering.

Reviewer: > but `.UseEndpoints(_ => {})` is used to impact middleware ordering. see the referenced issue #28364

Thanks, reverted.
